Ah-in yoo
Steven yeun
jong-seo jun
Welcome!
Welcome! It's a factory clearance sale
we're giving away expensive products
for low prices
please come in
it's a blowout sale
based on the short story 'barn
burning' by haruki murakami
Screenplay by oh jung-mi & Lee Chang-dong
there'll be a raffle in 10 minutes
produced by Lee joon-dong & Lee Chang-dong
a chance to win free prizes!
So please come in
Join the raffle draw later
just come in and take a look
Burning
the next prize is a yoga mat!
The lucky number is in my hands
it's number 49! Do we have 49?
Congratulations, sir! Congratulations
let's move on to the next prize
the next prize is a
luxury sports watch
who will be the lucky winner?
Please draw a raffle
the lucky number is 85! Do we have 85?
Where is 857?
Congratulations number 85
oh there you are! Congratulations
do you have a girlfriend?
I don't
uh-oh... this is a girl's watch
you should start looking for one
Lee jongsu
don't you remember me?
We lived in the same neighborhood
manoo village, tanhyun town, paju city
it's me, shin haemi
I had plastic surgery.
Pretty, right
are you free? It's my break soon
Have you had military service yet?
Finished it
and then?
And then what?
I graduated college. Now
I'm working part-time
but I'm doing something else on the side
like what? Can I ask?
I write
you write? What are you writing
a novel
then are you a writer
not officially
I'm trying to become one though
how cool
Lee jongsu the writer
How's work?
It's fun
I like this kind of work. Physical work
I only work when they call
it gives me a more flexible schedule
so that's cool
now you look like the haemi I know
do you want this? From the raffle
It's my first time wearing a wrist-watch
jeez, it's so tacky
Hey, want to grab a drink with me tonight?
Why not?
Guess what
I'm going to Africa
Africa? Why
I've been saving up to travel
but why Africa
This is a pantomime
I'm learning pantomime these days
why? Do you want to be an actress?
You think anyone can be an actress?
I'm just learning it for fun
look. I can eat tangerines whenever I want
that's good. You're talented
this has nothing to do with talent
the trick is...
Instead of thinking there
"is" a tangerine here
you need to forget
that there "isn't" one.
The important thing is that
you have to really want one
then your mouth will water.
And it'll really taste good
Do you know the bushmen
of the kalahari desert?
They talk about the two “hungers”
starving people. "Hunger" in english.
"Little hunger" and "great hunger"
the "little hunger" wants
food for the belly
but the "great hunger" hungers
for the meaning of life
someone wishing to know why we live,
and what meaning of life is
that sort of thing
they are the truly hungry people.
So they are called
"great hunger"
so you're going to Africa
to meet..."Great hunger”
cool, right? Great hunger
jongsu
Lee jongsu
can you do me a favor?
I have a pet cat
can you feed it while I'm in Africa
can you feed it while I'm in Africa?
Should I bring it over to my place?
No
You come to my place
a cat shouldn't be moved from its house
What's with all the luggage?
I'm moving into my house in paju
today? - Yeah.
Anyone still lives in your paju house?
No one
my mom left when I was little
and my sister got married a few years ago
so it was just my father
raising the cows by himself
but he ran into a problem.
So now I have to return home
you're not asking what the problem was?
There are always problems.
We're here
Hello
Nice room
my old room had a toilet bowl
next to the kitchen sink
This room faces north so
it's always chilly and dark
it gets sunlight only once a day.
From over there
the sunlight hits the Seoul tower window
and bounces into my room
it's only for a brief moment.
You have to get lucky to see it
boil
come on out
your cat's name is boil
yeah, boil
I found him abandoned in the
basement boiler room
he never comes out when
strangers are around
he has severe autism
boil isn't just in your
imagination too, is he?
Am I coming here to feed an imaginary cat?
You think I asked you to come here
to feed an invisible cat
that's funny
should I forget that there "isn't" a cat?
Do you remember that one time
when you told me I was ugly
really? I said that?
One day, on my way home from school
you crossed the street and told me
"you are really ugly"
it was the only thing you ever
said to me in junior high
now speak the truth
why don't you speak?
Wait
Put it on
What? Moo
Hello
hello
Recent figures prove the severity of
our country's youth unemployment
it is growing at the fastest rate among
oecd member countries
we have reporter park seongho to explain
the growth of our unemployment rate
is the fastest within the oecd
trump claims that he set
a new vision for America
A poll by the Washington post
and abc found that 94% of trump voters
hello
he was awarded high marks for fulfilling
his campaign promises
such as immigrant deportation,
the Mexico border wall
and abolishing Obama care. "I also took action
to reform" "our immigration system, so it puts-"
Boil, where are you?
Come out, come out, wherever you are
Aha! Look what we've got here
what's this, Mr. boil
if you wanted to hide, you
should've hidden your poop too
you're introducing your poop first
before a "nice to meet you"
You will not be disadvantaged
for denying your statement
however, if you forfeit the
right to deny your statement
your statement can be used
as proof of your guilt
do you understand?
Yes
now. Would the prosecution
please state the arraignment?
The defendant, a livestock worker
injured a paju city government official
obstructing the legitimate
execution of duty
and fracturing the government
official's right hand
requiring six weeks of treatment
fine. Did you receive the indictment
including what you've just heard
yes
then do you accept the charges
and do you have anything else to say
the defendant accepts
all charges, your honor
okay
Mr. Lee
do you agree with your
attorney's statement?
Mr. Lee
Finished college?
Yes
but you still don't have a job
what was your major?
I studied creative writing, sir.
Creative writing
so you studied writing
what kind of "writing" are
you going to "create"?
I'm planning to write fiction
fiction
wow
so, what kind of fiction
do you want to write?
I'm not sure yet
how about writing about your father?
He's like a protagonist in a story
he's like a protagonist in a story
look at his life! So turbulent
he was nuts back in the day...
Aren't all protagonists nuts?
He was number one in paju high
not for his grades,
but for his pride
after he returned from
working in the middle east
I told him to buy a house in gangnam
it was a guaranteed profit
but he didn't, because of his pride
instead, he returns to paju and
becomes a livestock farmer
and now he's broke and in jail
even now
he should apologize to the victim
and write a letter of apology
he should submit a petition
to the judge for a reprieve
but he's being stubborn
he doesn't even listen to his lawyer
that's why I wanted to see you
visit your father and talk to him
tell him to loosen his temper
and write that letter of apology
immediately. Like tomorrow
got it?
Hey, it's me again
Still not showing yourself?
It's been over two weeks
Hello
hello
I'm through! Hello
it's me, haemi
it was really hard making this call
we might get disconnected
I'm at the Nairobi airport in Kenya
there was a bombing near the airport
I have been stuck here for three days
are you okay?
Yeah, I'm okay. I think
it often happens here
anyway, I finally have a flight out of here
I arrive at 4pm tomorrow
can you come to pick me up?
I'll be there. For sure
hello
Lee jongsu
you're here
I'll take this
Ben! This is my one and
only friend, Lee jongsu
hi. I'm Ben
we're Nairobi comrades
we were at the Nairobi airport
together for 3 anxious days
we were the only two Koreans there
I'm hungry
I slept through the flight
and didn't eat anything
I want some Korean food
like tripe stew
does it have to be tripe stew?
I've been craving for it
I know the best tripe restaurant in Seoul
really?
Jongsu, let's go eat tripe stew
Yeah, I'm on my way
I'm in my friend's car
he came to pick us up
what?
Yeah, I'm fine
you know health is never an issue.
Thanks to the superior DNA.
Come on
wow... how can you be so naive
you're old enough to know better
you should keep a record of this
this is an epic event
in the life of Ms. Kim
yeah
I miss you too
okay
I'll stop by sometime this week
yeah.
Okay, mom
I joined the "sunset tour"
on my way to the kalahari desert
it's a program showing the desert sunset
but it turned out to be just a parking lot
there was nothing
but trash tourists left behind
everybody came with someone,
I was the only one by myself
I suddenly felt all alone there
I wondered why I was even there on my own
then the sun started to set
the sun was setting beyond
the endless sand-covered horizon
at first it was orange
then it turned blood red
then purple... and Navy
it became dark as the sunset disappeared
and my eyes suddenly welled with tears
"t must be at the end of the world."
That's what I thought.
I wanted to vanish just like that sunset.
But I was afraid of dying.
If only I could vanish
like I never existed."
It's fascinating to me when people cry
fascinating? Why?
Because I've never shed a
tear before in my life
I suppose I did when I was little
but I can't remember ever shedding a tear
that is fascinating
but you do feel sadness, don't you?
Maybe, but
as there are no tears,
there's no telling what sadness is
may I ask what you do for a living?
Well, I do this and that
you wouldn't understand even if I told you
to put it simply
I "play"
you play?
Yes
nowadays, there is no distinction
between working and playing
may I ask
who your favorite writer is?
It's William faulkner
ah, faulkner
when I read his work
it's like I'm reading my own story
since you're writing stories
I'd like to have a chat with you sometime
I want to tell you my story
Isn't she cute?
She falls asleep anywhere when she's sleepy
it doesn't even take 10 seconds
hey, you're here! - Yeah
I parked the car out front. - Thank you
excuse me for a second
did you step on it
no
I just quietly followed
you from the airport
that's harder
speeding up and slowing down
Thanks. -You're welcome
haemi...
Haemi! Wake up
it's time to go home
Want me to take you home
okay, sure
I have a long way to go, anyway
jongsu, it was nice meeting you
likewise
Say something
if you've called, say something
who's this and why call and say nothing?
Dear honorable judge, '
we are filing a petition
for the defendant Lee yongsuk...'
who is in jail for
obstruction of justice, '
'assault, and property damage.'
Lee yongsuk was an honest farmer
and our friendly neighbor.'
hello
excuse me
nobody home. What?
What can I help you with?
Is your husband home?
No
What's your business here?
I'm here to get signatures for a petition
he's not here
I'l come back. -Yes
Actually, I don't know
your father that well
he didn't really interact with us
and whatever he did, he always did alone
sir, this is just a petition.
It's not going to cause you trouble
no, it's just this part
“Lee yongsuk was an honest farmer
and our friendly neighbor.”
Frankly, he was never friendly
sorry about that
you write very well
Sir, we have an extra calf at our house
do you know anyone who'd want to buy it?
A calf? -Yes
boy or girl
a girl
I'll have to ask around
Hello
Is someone else here?
Good to see you again, jongsu
haemi wanted to see you
no, Ben kept asking me to call you
did you have trouble finding this place?
No. It's easy with Google map
this is Ben's neighborhood
it's nice
it's quiet
keep going
Ben was reading my palm
haemi, you have something different
what's that?
There's something in your heart
a stone
the stone makes you suffer
that's why you can't fully enjoy things
that's why you can't appreciate tasty food
or why you can't tell a guy you like him
Then what should I do?
You need to remove the stone
you want me to do it?
You can do that?
Just trust me.
Hold my hand
and close your eyes
Now open your hand
What's this?
What do you think? It's a stone
I took it out of your heart
where did you get this?
Back there from the flower bed
to do this? -Yeah
you brought one back to do this? -Yeah
what for?
For fun
I'll do anything for fun
Jongsu
do you like pasta?
What?
Ben says he's going to
cook us pasta at his place
hello. -How was your trip back home?
Great, thanks to you
Hello.
Ben, you're really good
I envy people who cook well
jongsu
can you cook too?
I guess, since I live alone
but I can only make a few dishes
I like to cook
because I can make what
I want, in any way I want
what's better is that I get to eat it
just as humans make offerings to the gods
I make my own offering
and consume it.
Offering
an offering. It's just a metaphor
a metaphor of what?
A metaphor of...
Well, ask jongsu
Haemi. -Hmm
do you know where the bathroom is?
Ben, where's the bathroom?
Across the hallway
How much older is he than me?
Six or seven years?
How does he get to live
like this at his age?
Travelling abroad, driving a Porsche,
listening to music while cooking pasta
I guess he's just young and rich
he's the great gatsby?
What do you mean?
Mysterious people who are young and rich
but you don't know what they really do
there are so many gatsbys in Korea
Why do you think he's seeing you?
Ever think about that?
Ben says he just likes people like me
he says I'm interesting
Hi. -Hey guys
hello
this is my new friend, Lee jongsu
he writes
so you're a writer?
I'm not published yet. I'm
just writing at the moment
when you write, you're a writer
a "writer" is someone who writes
Ben, it was just a question
I'm going inside
me too
At nightfall,
the bushmen would light a
bonfire and dance around it
they've been doing this
since a long time ago.
The oldest and wisest lady plays the drums.
Then everybody dances to its rhythm
at first, they stretch
their arms to the ground
like this
this is the little hunger dance
the dance of the people who are hungry
and as they go on,
their arms slowly reach towards the sky
this is the great hunger dance
the dance which seeks the meaning of life
they dance from early evening
till deep into the night
as they dance, little hunger gradually
turns into great hunger
I can't explain it in words
you need to see it for yourselves
then show us
really? -Yeah
show us! It sounds interesting
okay. I'll try
but I need a beat
please clap your hands. Like this
And slowly it turns into great hunger
One little calf is sitting on
a hot pot bursting into tears
help, mom! Help, dad
oh, my butt is burning up
one little calf is sitting on an
ice cube bursting into tears
help, mom! Help, dad
hello
jongsu, are you home?
Yeah, I'm home
I knew you'd be home
listen, I'm heading there now with Ben
here? What for?
We were driving by
and when I told him I used to live here
he wanted to stop by
we're almost there
What's that sound?
That's the north Korean
propaganda broadcast
North Korea is right over there
how fun
it's disappointing that
my old house is gone
it used to be right over there
now it's gone without a trace
and the well is gone too
there used to be a well near our house
I fell into it when I was little
do you remember?
You fell into a well?
How old were you?
Maybe when I was seven
I fell in when I was by myself
I was looking up from below
and crying for hours
I was terrified that
I'd die if nobody found me
but then his face appeared
jongsu found me and I was rescued
but he doesn't even remember
I brought some food
okay
It's like I'm at home
my old place
This isn't bad
except for the smell of cowpat
I feel good
this may be my best day ever
I feel like smoking pot
want to join me?
Pot?
Marijuana
I always giggle when I smoke that
I hate my father
my father has an anger disorder
he has rage bottled up inside of him.
It goes off like a bomb
once it goes off, everything gets destroyed
my mom left my sister and me because of it
The day my mom left, I
burned all her clothes
my father made a fire in the yard
and had me burn them with my own hands
I still have dreams about that night
sometimes I burn down greenhouses
excuse me?
I said sometimes I burn down greenhouses
I have a hobby of burning greenhouses
I choose an abandoned
greenhouse and set it on fire
once every two months
I think that's the best rhythm
for me
rhythm
so you burn down other people's greenhouses
of course
it's a crime, so to speak
just like how you and I
are smoking this pot
it's clearly a crime
it's very simple though
you spray kerosene then throw a lit match
that's it
it takes less than 10
minutes to burn it all down
you can make it disappear
as if it never existed
what if you get caught?
I won't. Never
the Korean police don't care
about those sort of things
in Korea
there are tons of greenhouses
useless, filthy,
unpleasant-looking greenhouses
it's like they're all waiting
for me to burn them down
and as I watch them burn to the ground
I feel ecstatic
and from here
I feel a low hum right here
a hum that shakes the very core of the soul
and you judge whether
they're useless or not?
I don't judge anything
I merely accept it
I accept they're waiting to be burned down
It's like rain
rain falls
the river overflows
causing a flood that sweeps people away
you think the rain judges anything?
There is no right or wrong
there are no morals to nature
if we have to talk about its
morals, there's only...
Simultaneous existence
simultaneous existence
I'm here, and I'm also there
I'm in paju, and I'm in banpo
I'm in Seoul
at the same time, I'm in Africa
something like that
that kind of balance
When was the last time you
burned a greenhouse down?
Well
it was right before I left for Africa
so almost two months ago
which means it's about time for another one
then you must've decided
which one would be next
I have
a great one to burn down
I can almost feel the
joy of burning it down
to be honest
I came here to scout
scout?
Does that mean it's nearby?
That's right
it's close
very, very close
I'm in love with haemi
Fuck... I said I love her
This tree has gotten really big
why do you undress so
easily in front of men
only whores do that
I'll keep an eye out for the greenhouses
you do that
ones that are really near
Your call cannot be answered at the moment
you'll be redirected to
voicemail after the beep
haemi. Please answer your phone
Come in
this way
State your number from left to right
one! -Two
three
four
five. -Six
seven! End of number
where do you live, no. 1
I live in paju city. It's 5 minutes away
can you work nights or after hours?
Yes I can, sir
where do you live, no. 2
buchun, sir
how are you going to come from buchun?
It takes 2 hours
no problem, sir. I can do it
where do you live, no. 3
Okay, no. 4. - Yes, sir
where do you live? - Munsan, sir
can you work nights or after hours?
Yes I can, sir
Road atlas of paju city'
Haemi'
hello
Hello
Your call cannot be answered at the moment
you'll be redirected to
voicemail after the beep
What are you doing?
Pardon?
I said what are you doing
I'm just looking
The number you have dialed
has been switched off
you'll be redirected to
voicemail after the beep
haemi! Shin haemi
what's wrong?
Hello, ma'am
I can't seem to reach haemi
I need to get in
I have to feed the cat
it might starve to death
there is no cat
we don't allow tenants to have pets
there is a cat
I used to come to feed it
you have a master key, right?
You can't ask me to open the door like that
at times like this, I'll get into trouble
I told you there's no cat
she seems to have gone on a trip
the room's been tidied up
she's not the type of person
that would do the cleaning
I don't think she went on a trip
welcome to the crop festival
they all seem fine,
but you never really know their story
in credit card debt
and they eventually go into hiding
haemi is the same. Her
phone's suddenly dead.
Frankly, women need to spend
money on a lot of things
it's difficult being a woman
it's a problem if you wear make-up
and a problem if you don't
it's a problem if you
wear revealing clothes
but also if you don't dress up
have you heard of the saying
"no country for women"
What?
Nothing
Come visit us and enjoy our food
Shit
Ben
what brings you here?
I was passing by and saw your car outside
I thought it might be yours
is that so?
Have a seat
may I?
Do you want to order something?
It's okay
I have to leave soon
Are you still working on your story?
I'm trying
you said you liked faulkner
so I wanted to give him a shot
come to think of it, I was wondering
what happened to the greenhouse?
Ah, the greenhouse
you still remember that
I burned it down, of course
without a trace
I said I would
near my house?
Of course
very near
when?
The collected short stories
of William faulkner!
A day or two after I stopped by your place
that's strange
ever since that day, I've
been checking every morning
I checked every single
greenhouse near my place
you checked the greenhouses every day?
Yes, every single one
if any of them had burned down,
I couldn't have missed it
yet, you have
it happens
maybe you missed it
because it was too close
I don't think so
how strange
sometimes you can't see things
that are too close to you
Ben
sorry I'm late
something came up at the store
it drove me crazy
it's okay
but we're running late.
So no time for tea
nice to meet you
by the way, are you in touch with haemi?
I can't seem to reach her.
It's been a month
is that so?
I can't seem to reach her, either
haemi just
disappeared like a puff of smoke
Did haemi say anything to you?
Like what?
Like wanting to go on a trip
or maybe
I'm not sure, but I doubt
she went on a trip
she can't afford it
as far as I know, she's broke
she's not in touch with her family
and doesn't have any friends
haemi is lonelier than she seems
Jongsu, you know what?
Actually, haemi thought
of you as someone special
she told me so
she said you are the only
person in this world she trusts
and that you're the only
one that's on her side
it made me jealous for some reason
I've never been jealous in my life
Jongsu
are you jongsu?
Yes
he is
you haven't changed one bit
how have you been?
What brings you here?
Did haemi send you?
No
Haemi
you couldn't have just stopped
here by chance, right?
Eat
yes, ma'am
I heard sujin got married
yes, she has kids as well
right
are you in touch with your mother?
No
I'm guessing that haemi sent you here?
So tell her
she can't return until she
pays off her credit card debts
By the way
do you remember
when haemi fell into a well
a well?
Did that happen?
When she was seven
she fell into a well
she cried for hours down
at the bottom of the well
crying and looking upwards
hoping someone could help her
but could only see the round sky
I'm sorry
I was just thinking about
how haemi must have felt
That never happened
if it did, why didn't we know about it?
Is that what haemi told you?
She's very good at telling stories
and those stories can be very convincing
there wasn't even a well near our house
Good morning, sir
I have a question
was there a well here?
A well?
Yes
a well deep enough to fall into
I'm not sure. I don't think so
Through him, and with him, and in him
o god, almighty father, in
the unity of the holy spirit
all glory and honor is
yours, forever and ever
Hello
jongsu
jongsu... right?
Yes
it's mom
They kept phoning, came to my place
and even charged into the
department store that I worked at
wearing their black suits...
Looking like the grim reapers
all that trouble for just 5 million
if I were younger, I'd sell my organs
look what I'm saying to the son
I haven't met for 16 years
I'll take care of it
what?
don't worry
you have money? No way you'd have the money
Mom
yeah?
Remember haemi's place in
the middle of the village?
Was there a well nearby?
A well?
Yes there was. A dried up well
really?
Haemi said she fell into it once
I don't know about that.
But there was a well
what's wrong?
Hello
jongsu, where are you?
I'm in gangham
where in gangnam?
Let's see
I thought this truck looked familiar
what brings you here?
Are you here to see me?
Actually, I'm here to ask about haemi
you could've just called
since you're here, let's talk inside
park the car in our building
Going up
Nice timing, actually
my friends are coming over
for dinner and drinks
join us
you've already met them, so it'll be okay
4th floor
are you having a party?
Not really, more like a gathering
a casual gathering
You must have a lot to prepare
since there are many guests
not really
it's a potluck party
so everyone brings food
I just prepare the drinks
and some finger food
someone was supposed to come early to help
but I guess she's running late
what's that sound
oh, I have a cat
you didn't have one last time
right
I brought a stray cat home not long ago
it's a pretty cat
It's really cute
isn't it?
Do you like cats?
What's its name?
I haven't named it yet
it's more difficult than I thought.
Jongsu, what kind of story are you writing?
If you don't mind me asking
I don't know what to write yet
how come?
To me
the world is still a mystery
Excuse me, can I use your bathroom?
Sorry, Ben
I meant to come sooner...
What's all this?
I bought a bit too much.
Shut the door, or the cat will escape.
Oh my! No!
What do we do?
Go catch it, of course.
Where are you?
Come out kitty.
Hey, kitty.
Where are you?
Come here, little cat.
Hey, kitty.
Stay...
Come here.
Hey, kitty.
Come here, kitty
boil
Hey, kitty.
Wow, he caught it
amazing
how did you catch it so easily?
It's very fast
can I hold him?
Did you all come out to greet us?
Yeah
with the cat
hey guys
how was traffic? -Awful
hello
Chinese people throw the
money when they pay
like this... -Why do they do that?
They consider money to be filthy
we treasure money
but they treat it like dirt
maybe it's because they're so proud
Chinese people have a strong sense of pride
they crumple and throw their bills saying,
"one, two, three, four!"
They're like, "here! Take it!"
The Chinese are similar to the Americans
we're wrong thinking they're more like us
because of confucius culture
how come China and America are similar?
They're both giant continents
that's true
they always think the world
revolves around them
wwhereas we're always
conscious of other people
just like you
they're really bold when
they ask for makeup samples
you know how stores hand
out samples in the streets
but our duty-free store gives them out only
when your purchase reaches a certain amount
I tell them loud and
clear,"meiyou." "No samples.”
But they just stand put
and say, "yes! Yes!"
"You have them! Give them to me!"
Still, it would like to date a Chinese guy
please do
Chinese men are so nice to their women
they treasure their women
so a Chinese man treasures his woman
but throws his cash
he should throw it at me.
Better if it's a credit card
but at the same time, he should treasure me
Jongsu, why are you leaving?
You should stay longer
didn't you want to talk about haemi?
It seems that I don't need to anymore
It's no fun being too serious
know how to enjoy yourself
you need to feel the hum right here.
The hum that rocks the core of your soul
it's the only way to be alive.
This case is a serious offense...
Wwhereby the defendant
assaulted a public servant.
The court finds the defendant guilty of
'obstruction of justice, '
assault', and 'damage of property.'
the defendant claims this act of violence
which caused the plaintiff injury...
Requiring six weeks of medical treatment
but the defendant swung a
chair, breaking fixtures...
And injuring the plaintiff.
Thus, the court is without a doubt in
determining this as an assault.
Considering that the defendant
is refusing to settle,
and that the plaintiff wants
the defendant to be punished,
and that the defendant has been penalized
before for a similar crime,
the court judges that a corresponding
and sentences the following order.
The court rules the defendant 1 year
and 6 months of imprisonment.
Court is adjourned
Come on! Climb up
let's go! Climb up! Go
good girl
So long
She's saying something
Hey jongsu
I see there are a lot of greenhouses here
where's haemi?
You asked me to join you and haemi
isn't she with you?
English subtitles by Jason yu